Dog things are so cute
You approach me right here
But my name
You only deserve three defeats and nine attackers
Retreat the attacking soldiers, I Xiao Chentian will not kneel or kneel
You made me kneel on your knees
He will only ruin your life
Lao Tzu has been in Yuncheng for half a generation
He's never seen anyone as arrogant as you
You are so lucky and bloody
It's a pity
No matter how hard your bones are, I can break them for you
No matter how fierce you are
I can also let him dry
In Yunchen, dare to fight against Jin Ye
My people have not yet been born
Xiao Chen, you are crazy
No one dared to offend the barracks
Otherwise it's a dead end
It doesn't matter if you die
daughter
What to do with Yaoyao
Get on your knees and apologize
At least you can save your life
This is an apology
I just made you kneel or not
There is no such good treatment now.
You have 10 seconds to kneel in front of Jin Ye
otherwise
Just break one of this little girl's fingers
I don't want to let clear snow and see snow in the distance
You don't deserve to let us do it at all
But dragons have dense forests
Rabbit must die
This gantry has a dense forest
I think you are a vegetable city
Come and show me
Pull his bones out
Break it for me
Yes
All forgive Xiao Chen, he is crazy
Everything he says is crazy
You mustn't know him in general
Okay, it's not good to get up, Xiangchen
You are the devil in my life
Do you still think we haven't hurt enough?
Hahaha Xiao Wu
You were so crazy just now
I thought you were number one
I just thought you were a wimp.
You only hide under a woman's skirt
Ahahaha
Xiao Chen, do you want to get sick again?
Don't forget what you did to me last time you got sick